What's new in SwiftWasm #4 (#7)
swiftwasm/blog.swiftwasm.org: Content/posts/update-04-november-2020.md

repository](https://github.com/OpenCombine/OpenCombine/pull/191), which reduced the amount of
customizations we apply, and brings us closer to using the upstream repository as is.

## Developer tools

### WasmTransformer

[@kateinoigakukun](https://github.com/kateinoigakukun)
[implemented](https://github.com/swiftwasm/WasmTransformer/commit/d79d945731e03a10cb2806cbafc0be0113a2b9bf)
a `stripCustomSections` transformation in [the `WasmTransformer`
library](https://github.com/swiftwasm/WasmTransformer). [According to the
spec](https://webassembly.github.io/spec/core/appendix/custom.html), data in custom sections should
not contribute to observed behavior of a given binary. In the case of binaries produced by
SwiftWasm, custom sections contain debugging information that can now be stripped with
`WasmTransformer`.

### `carton`

Previously, custom sections were stripped to reduce final binary size as a build step in `carton
bundle` with the `wasm-strip` utility from [WABT](https://github.com/webassembly/wabt). Thanks to
the new transformation in `WasmTransformer`, WABT is no longer needed as a dependency of `carton`,
which makes installation for our end users simpler and faster.

> There was also work on [Firefox stacktraces parsing](https://github.com/swiftwasm/carton/pull/162),
> [file downloader cleanup](https://github.com/swiftwasm/carton/pull/171), [support for browser
> testing](https://github.com/swiftwasm/carton/pull/173), and [simpler URLs for main bundle
> resources](https://github.com/swiftwasm/carton/pull/176). As soon as these are merged, a new version
> of `carton` will be tagged that will use the latest 5.3.1 release of SwiftWasm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Initial support for presenting crash stack traces directly in `carton` has been completed, starting with [Firefox support](https://github.com/swiftwasm/carton/pull/162). Support for more browsers will be added in separate PRs.

There was also work on [file downloader cleanup](https://github.com/swiftwasm/carton/pull/171), [support for browser testing](https://github.com/swiftwasm/carton/pull/173), and [simpler URLs for main bundle
resources](https://github.com/swiftwasm/carton/pull/176). As soon as these are merged, a new version
of `carton` will be tagged that will use the latest 5.3.1 release of SwiftWasm.
```
